Letter from Covid-19
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZmDS_OhbEc

Stop. Simply, halt.
Stop, do not move.
It is not a request. 
It's an order. 

I'm here to help you. 

This breakneck rollercoaster has run off its rails.
Enough! 
Planes,
cruises,
factories,
shopping malls,
gatherings. 

I'm interrupting the frenetic whirlwind of illusions and "obligations" that make you too busy to
look up at the sky,
gaze at the stars,
lend an ear to the ocean,
let birdsong surround you,
roll down a meadow,
pick an apple from a tree,
smile to an animal in the wild,
breathe in the mountain,
take heed of common sense.

I had to interrupt.
You don't get to play god.
Our obligation is to each other, as it has always been, even though you have forgotten.
I'm interrupting this broadcast, this endless cacophony of divisions and distractions
to bring you this news:
We are not OK. 
None of us. We are all suffering.
Last year, the firestorms that burned the lungs of the earth didn't stop you.
Nor did your cities sinking,
nor did the glaciers melting,
or realizing you're the single cause of the sixth mass extinction.

You didn't listen.

It is difficult to listen, being so busy, struggling to climb higher and higher on the scaffolding of the comforts you have built for yourself.

But the foundations are crumbling, buckling under the weight of your needs and desires. 

I'm here to help you. 
I'll light the firestorms in your body. 
I'll flood your lungs,
I'll isolate you like a polar bear drifting on a lone raft of ice. 
Now, are you listening?
We are not well. 
I'm not your enemy. 
I'm a messenger—an ally. 

I'm the force that will restore balance.

Now, you must listen. 
I'm shouting for you to stop. 
Just stop, hush, and listen. 
Now, look up at the sky. How is it doing? There are no more planes.
How clean do you need it to be, to appreciate the air you breathe?
Look at the ocean: how is it doing?
Look at the rivers: how are they?
Look at the earth: how is she?
Look at yourselves: how are you doing?
You cannot be healthy in a sick ecosystem.
Stop.

Many are afraid now.
Don't demonize your fear, don't let it rule you. 
Instead, let it speak to you.
 In your stillness, listen for its wisdom.

I will help you -- if you listen.

Signed,
COVID19